I got time to do this hi
hi hi I'm mr. Dodd late night late night
good night
did you have the time to do yep yep did
you see I didn't know talking orders
really they joined in the singing for
all the whole parties join say it
evidently is a very well-known Russian
song I thought that elaborate was just
great no first time in nine years that
he's play I mean millions what did you
and she talked about last night
tends to lack watch see she was with my
husband husband why would mr. Corbitt
drop ah well we talked about that and
see we talked about are coming to Moscow
where did you set a date no other people
did he have a sock that ever make you
worried for you when you ride there what
tell you what you see no I always
thought I should saw it seemed so
thought I should see the Kremlin I said
I'd like to see Leningrad and
then we told that story I told you when
you got into a lot of discussions with
Dick Cheney and Richard Perle
it was a very did you seem to be having
lively conversation do you seem to be
having a good time did you laugh a lot
today
yo easy they seem a little jet lag or
having any trouble of not at all no no
no no maybe they are but they don't even
have a day note and the only time I've
had to see her really is the coffee that
you have asked the Tate arrival that
you're doing that rate every visitor and
then there are a lot of people there and
when you're going through translators
it's an invention of this book mrs.
Reagan can you share with us some of the
things that you spoke with this is worth
atomic drop at the coffee
yes seem someone she was talking about
Soviet Union
she has been the questions about America
what do you plan to talk about today see
this is very very much made of a
competition between you two one quote
was also an area so silly I'm silly this
is a somewhat pretty substitute issues
you know that's that's what about the
same way any of it
that's young did you and she talked
about that being silly she say oh no but
I assume she feels that way this is
where the sign is it soared above it you
did well I have tons of shakin hands and
so I thought we should shake hands
yesterday dancing suppression joining
dancing no they've gone home but you all
wrote it no I'm not thanking you well
that way at Larry's speech does not mean
anything particularly like to do
children dear the White House oh well
once a particular piece of art or room I
mean something to that you'd like to
share
well there's a mantelpiece in the state
by the way that I think it stands for
sure I'm not gonna tell you you have to
wait she's actually
be able to talk for an additional no
this is a very very nice right right
I think that that he owes me or else
she's not going to be very thrilled
thank you
this picture that we face to what
century those fish along I would say and
this is typical Big Show which wenches
oh yeah Andrew why I don't want it mr.
Peterson strum and awhile the artist
Angela Wyatt why why why why why
you will whisper couple efficient will
kill them all
it's a book I give you kudos but why
physical January yes that she's a very
interesting painted Oh was I getting you
the whole generation actually is quite
impressive
and oh I live alone and Andrew White's
exhibition was held in Los Gatos yeah
okay let's take it very
it's house
I will say that human being a human
being would like to live in a regular
home it is softer this better a Mexican
Juliet and mrs. Reagan is kind enough to
tell me what she does about the history
of America it's a mostly in Saudi and
indeed this house is a museum
only the owners and the wires should
rule the world in words Osho service
business I'm in grad school I invite you
to come to Leningrad and because you
know how with those two cities are
architectural lance and we have many
historic sites and sorry buildings there
isn't a creator box but that is our this
is your kiss tick tock you had a chance
to do good average for the stage
a sleek new cr7 insidious I would say
that meeting people is the most yeah in
the civil voice in Tripoli but create
the CBC's to so many country ever more
so that I never doubt and I'm confident
of the sincere honest and friendly
feelings of the Americans of the
American people we have shipping he was
ECB a totally stubborn human context but
I consider myself people who are in some
sense so meeting you for me is meeting
Americans this time our visit is too
short I hope next time
anybody cool evener we need Oh mrs.
Schultz or recommends I discovered
oceans join and she told us about
I
regrettably heroin I don't have time to
especially study the history of the
United States you know that you know
assumption now age we all of us work
professional duties yes we have our
family duties duties each other it's an
idea that is nice and a person living in
the 20th century is a boss how is this
to be miserable strength and time
although we always seek to know as much
why possible
yes
for the part which is gonna do
Richard Jeff
400 pounds give me 400